hello I'm John from white photographic
and in today's video I'd like to show
you the Li RF 75 or the 75 system and
how it works and what cameras it's
specifically designed for Li there's a
number of different systems available
the most popular for DSLRs and larger
systems have been a hundred mil setup
but they have also done a smaller system
originally called the RF 75 and also now
they've got a new holder called the 75
these systems are designed to
rangefinder cameras small cameras like
Panasonic G send me any X Fuji x-pro 1
which I have here and I want to go
through some of the basic little things
of setting it up and what you would use
because a lot of people think it's a bit
of a mind for than reality it isn't it's
nice and simple the first thing you need
to know and it's the same with whichever
system you go for is the front filter
thread of your lens now this is usually
either on this side a lens cap
sometimes printed on the lens itself but
once you know this you can order the
correct adapter ring now this is on here
we have the Fuji 18 mill and the X Pro
one and it's 52 millimeters now in the
75 and RF 75 system the adapter rings
there's only one type they run from
thirty seven and a half millimeters up
to 72 and they only do one type there's
no standard or wide angle they're all
designed just to be this one thin ring
this screws on as without any ring just
do this that screws into position like
so and the holder in this case I've got
the new 75 holder this is their they're
slightly smaller cheaper holder which is
perfect for people like who using things
like X Pro ones and the smaller Micro
Four Thirds cameras it's a real cost
savings it's very very good it's got a
spring-loaded clamp at the back and it
will clip on like so so just put this on
here poun the spring and it tips on now
this can rotate I've got some filters
here I've got the first one I have is a
grad filter now this is a lot of people
assume that these grad filters are
purely smaller versions smaller cut down
versions of the larger filters and
they're not the actual graduation is
former
far more compactly that's the right word
because we're dealing with smaller font
filter threads on these cameras the 100
millimeter system grads they're just too
large the graduation is just too thick
to carry out effectively on on on these
smaller setups so as with the other
systems you can just slot a filter in
here like so how's it well they also do
solid filters solid NDS
unlike the hundred mil system these
filters all the same they are 75 by 90
so even so they don't do 75 mil square
ones like the hundred mil system will
have 100 mil square or 100 by 150 all
the same shape and size so the holder
will come with two slots you can slot to
and if you wish to you're also notice on
the front here has some lugs now that is
for various attachments the most popular
is a polarizer so this is a polarizer
again it will fit both 75 and the RS 75
systems it's a circular polarizer and it
has holes on the back that fit into
these lugs now I'll probably have to
just do this looking at it here you can
if you wish take the holder off and snap
it in position but there we go it's
locked in like so so now I can adjust
the polarize it I can just a grab
position I can rotate it as well so if
I've got a uneven horizon I can do that
but also I've got the polarizer on the
front to adjust polarization if I need
to obviously cameras like this you can
see live view but you can also take the
holder off and look through the
polarizer to achieve the polarizing
effect so it it's a very Universal
system I think quite quickly pulling on
that I can take the whole thing off in
one go nice and compact and perfect for
this sort of setup we are expanding the
system with a hood that's coming soon
and that will clip on to the front and
it's a removable system and as soon as
we have those in stock we'll do a quick
video but other than that the system is
pretty straightforward
and you can see it all on our website so
if you have any questions are talking of
any doubts about your equipment whether
it will use something like this you can
emails the sales at what white code
okay or look at our website but I hope
you found this this this video useful
and thank you very much